All the files in this directory and subdirectories can be "seen" from the
web.  Put another way, this is the "root" directory of the static files
that are served via HTTP GET via the NodeJS program crts_server.  The
crts_server program also uses the WebSockets protocol.

On many web server systems this directory would be named /var/www/htdocs,
but that does not work for our development scheme, since we require that
this software not require a root user installation, and we also require
that we have a completely encapsulated installation in a single "prefix"
directory tree.   In addition we also require that (in the default
installation) the directory/file structure in the source be the same as
the installed software package, but with some development files missing;
for example we don't install most make files and most C++ files.  There
may be options to install some files not in the "prefix" directory tree.

As a consequence of this strict file structure we can run all the CRTS
programs from the source directory without installing it.  That saves a
lot of development and user time, and makes guessing the path to source
files easy.

As a rule javaScript and CSS in subdirectories should be modular.


Files
-------------------------------------------------------------------------




load.js      - defines javaScript functions require(), fail(), assert().
               Because this defines require() this should be the first
               <script> in a web page.

*.js         - javaScript that is not likely to work independently of
               this software project

*.css        - CSS files that are not likely to work independently of
               this software project

admin/       - contains javaScript and CSS files that are only served to
               user admin.

img/         - contains images

webtop/      - git submodule: contains an independent web desktop project, a
               strictly client side desktop made with just client side
               javaScript, and CSS.  This webtop directory cannot and will
               not depend on any other code in the CRTS project.  CRTS
               depends on webtop, but webtop does not depend on CRTS.
               See: https://github.com/vtwireless/webtop

scope/       - Module: contains the independent scope plotter project.
               scope is strictly client side plotter made with just client
               side javaScript, and CSS.  We add webSocket feeds to this
               separately, and not in this directory.  The scope.js code
               should not depend on webtop, though some of the test
               code in scope/ may depend on code in webtop/.

floatWidget/ - Module: contains an independent input widget.

